docs: distinguish between `$fetch` and fetch composables (#21228)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/6.data-fetching.md

> `useFetch` is the most straightforward way to perform API calls in Nuxt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useFetch` is the most straightforward way to handle data fetching in a component setup function.
```

> When wanting to make a network request based on user interaction, `$fetch` is almost always the right handler to go for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other handle, when wanting to make a network request based on user interaction, `$fetch` is almost always the right handler to go for.
```
